*** Impact of Automation in Enterprise sector by building adaptive workforce ***

Why adaptive workforce? An adaptive workforce able to adapt to easily, rapidly and effectively respond to change

In this blog, I`ll share my insight as to how the world is embracing the digital transformation through the adaptive workforce, this transformation challenges for the enterprise that aims to be customer-obsessed. High on the list of those innovations are what we can broadly term it as bots: Artificial intelligence, VR/AR, automation, blockchain, and even physical robots play a key role in changing how we work. 

These above innovations are collectively called an automated( - adaptive workforce) and adaptive workforce(Humans) which can be deployed in the customer ecosystem which will be of agile and scalable from day one. Artificial intelligence plays a major role in the share market by taking previous data and provide projections for forthcoming quarters and annual guidelines. VR/AR has helped Space research and real estate industries to grow multifold, Blockchain has become a trending in Europe.Startups from agri sector and SCM utilizing blockchain effectively to sell their products, Underneath QR code product info like expiry date, certificate no, Manufacturing date and other vital data can be viewed.

Apart from organization digital transformation and innovation to automation bots, there is a deeper level of preparation that’s required to successfully develop an human adaptive workforce. Below dimension pertaining to associates in an organization

Humans to work with AI and Automation:
	A bitter truth, in the future of work in any organization will involve humans to work along with robots, intelligent machines from AI, automation, and bots. Robots will rule the manufacturing and production sector, Whereas bots will replace L0 and L1 level tasks these bots. over the next decade, more than 80% of process-oriented tasks will be done by AI systems. Quantitative reasoning tasks will be done approximately 50% by humans and 50% machine, while humans will continue to do more than 80% of cross-functional reasoning tasks. Best performance, in fact, will be achieved through collaboration between humans and machines. A good example is cancer identification. According to a research, AI algorithms can read diagnostic scans with a 92% accuracy. Humans can do it with a 96% accuracy. Together, 99%!

Making employee techno-fit:
	As Automation, Bots and AI raising/reshaping the workplace adaptive learning technology brings value to organizations by enabling them to approach learning differently—not counting on its people to be, act, and learn the same. Organizations that want to create a competitive advantage must, by definition, deliver differentiated solutions to their people. To increase the productivity of an organization’s talent, that organization must embrace increasingly sophisticated and fully integrated talent expansion suites that put people at the center of learning
	
Having discussed on individual transformation, On other dimensions as what Enterprise has to adopt by identifying future opportunities and proactively reconfiguring themselves

Leadership should be ready to invest and embrace changes:
	Adaptive enterprises adopt new business models more quickly then monothilic organization and thus require employees to have more mental flexibility and less fear of change.

calibrating platforms to deliver values:
	Technology advancements lower the barriers to change, so companies that are more technologically sophisticated will more easily transition to new business models.

The most successful companies in the world today run on software and employ fewer employees than their predecessors. Facebook employs only 25,000 people. It generates a staggering $1.6 million in revenue for each one. Apple generates $1.85 million per employee, and Google parent Alphabet generates $1.2 million.

Finally, we predicted that intelligent automation will replace one-fifth of service desk interactions. Service desk interactions, Kiosks, and Virtual reality and augmented reality are on the rise and are keeping this prediction on track. Cognitive systems, robotic process automation, and various chatbot technologies have combined to keep pace with this prediction.